If Mom and Dad were alive,
they would be very proud of you.
You know what I’m thinking?
You could have more.
I’m talking about real security
for you and the family
—a government carpentry contract.
Radio 93.6:
As an update to our report from yesterday,
militia groups are threatening
to take over the capital.
Violence has been escalating in the area.
As you are aware,
the branch has recommended that we meet
and discuss the possibility
of civil unrest in our area.
There will always be rumors
surrounding the elections.
The safety of the congregation is the concern.
There’s no need to worry.
These are just threats, rumors.
There’s nothing to it.
We received direction from the branch.
Those brothers are so far away though.
I keep wondering
if they are being overly cautious.
Remember, Amani:
“Your strength
“will be in keeping calm
and showing trust.”
Wake up!
Are you still trusting these people to guide your life?
Father Jehovah,
please help me.